UNIT FILE                              STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount      static         
-.mount                                generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                    static         
dev-mqueue.mount                       static         
media-floppy0.mount                    generated      
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount          static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount          static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                 static         
ntp-systemd-netif.path                 masked         
resolvconf-pull-resolved.path          enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path      static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path     static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path         static         
session-2.scope                        transient      
accounts-daemon.service                enabled        
aliyun.service                         enabled        
apparmor.service                       enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service              static         
apt-daily.service                      static         
atd.service                            enabled        
autovt@.service                        enabled        
bootlogd.service                       masked         
bootlogs.service                       masked         
bootmisc.service                       masked         
checkfs.service                        masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service            masked         
checkroot.service                      masked         
chrony-dnssrv@.service                 static         
chrony.service                         enabled        
chronyd.service                        enabled        
cloud-config.service                   enabled        
cloud-final.service                    enabled        
cloud-init-local.service               enabled        
cloud-init.service                     enabled        
console-getty.service                  disabled       
console-setup.service                  enabled        
container-getty@.service               static         
cron.service                           enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service               masked         
cryptdisks.service                     masked         
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service   static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service    static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.network1.service  enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service  enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service static         
dbus.service                           static         
debug-shell.service                    disabled       
ecs_mq.service                         enabled        
emergency.service                      static         
friendly-recovery.service              static         
fstrim.service                         static         
fuse.service                           masked         
getty-static.service                   static         
getty@.service                         enabled        
grub-common.service                    generated      
halt.service                           masked         
hostname.service                       masked         
hwclock.service                        masked         
initrd-cleanup.service                 static         
initrd-parse-etc.service               static         
initrd-switch-root.service             static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service      static         
irqbalance.service                     enabled        
isucari.golang.service                 enabled        
isucari.nodejs.service                 disabled       
isucari.perl.service                   disabled       
isucari.php.service                    disabled       
isucari.python.service                 disabled       
isucari.ruby.service                   disabled       
keyboard-setup.service                 enabled        
killprocs.service                      masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service              static         
kmod.service                           static         
module-init-tools.service              static         
motd-news.service                      static         
motd.service                           masked         
mountall-bootclean.service             masked         
mountall.service                       masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                  masked         
mountkernfs.service                    masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service             masked         
mountnfs.service                       masked         
mysql.service                          enabled        
netplan-wpa@.service                   static         
networkd-dispatcher.service            enabled        
nginx.service                          enabled        
nscd.service                           disabled       
ntp.service                            masked         
ondemand.service                       enabled        
plymouth-halt.service                  static         
plymouth-kexec.service                 static         
plymouth-log.service                   static         
plymouth-poweroff.service              static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service             static         
plymouth-quit.service                  static         
plymouth-read-write.service            static         
plymouth-reboot.service                static         
plymouth-start.service                 static         
plymouth-switch-root.service           static         
plymouth.service                       static         
procps.service                         static         
quotaon.service                        static         
rc-local.service                       static         
rc.local.service                       static         
rc.service                             masked         
rcS.service                            masked         
reboot.service                         masked         
rescue.service                         static         
resolvconf-pull-resolved.service       static         
resolvconf.service                     enabled        
rmnologin.service                      masked         
rsync.service                          enabled        
rsyslog.service                        enabled        
sendsigs.service                       masked         
serial-getty@.service                  indirect       
setvtrgb.service                       enabled        
single.service                         masked         
ssh.service                            enabled        
ssh@.service                           static         
sshd.service                           enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service           masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                  masked         
sudo.service                           masked         
syslog.service                         enabled        
sysstat.service                        enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service          static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service   static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service  static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service      static         
systemd-backlight@.service             static         
systemd-binfmt.service                 static         
systemd-exit.service                   static         
systemd-fsck-root.service              enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                  static         
systemd-fsckd.service                  static         
systemd-halt.service                   static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service      static         
systemd-hibernate.service              static         
systemd-hostnamed.service              static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service            static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service           static         
systemd-initctl.service                static         
systemd-journal-flush.service          static         
systemd-journald.service               static         
systemd-kexec.service                  static         
systemd-localed.service                static         
systemd-logind.service                 static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service      static         
systemd-modules-load.service           static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service   enabled        
systemd-networkd.service               enabled        
systemd-poweroff.service               static         
systemd-quotacheck.service             static         
systemd-random-seed.service            static         
systemd-reboot.service                 static         
systemd-remount-fs.service             static         
systemd-resolved.service               enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                 static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service static         
systemd-suspend.service                static         
systemd-sysctl.service                 static         
systemd-timedated.service              static         
systemd-timesyncd.service              enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service     static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service         static         
systemd-udev-settle.service            static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service           static         
systemd-udevd.service                  static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service   static         
systemd-update-utmp.service            static         
systemd-user-sessions.service          static         
systemd-volatile-root.service          static         
udev.service                           static         
ufw.service                            enabled        
umountfs.service                       masked         
umountnfs.service                      masked         
umountroot.service                     masked         
urandom.service                        static         
ureadahead-stop.service                static         
ureadahead.service                     enabled        
user@.service                          static         
uuidd.service                          indirect       
x11-common.service                     masked         
machine.slice                          static         
system.slice                           static         
user-0.slice                           transient      
user.slice                             static         
dbus.socket                            static         
ssh.socket                             disabled       
syslog.socket                          static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                   static         
systemd-initctl.socket                 static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket          static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket        static         
systemd-journald.socket                static         
systemd-networkd.socket                enabled        
systemd-rfkill.socket                  static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket           static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket            static         
uuidd.socket                           enabled        
swapfile.swap                          generated      
basic.target                           static         
bluetooth.target                       static         
cloud-config.target                    static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                  static         
cryptsetup.target                      static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                    disabled       
default.target                         static         
emergency.target                       static         
exit.target                            disabled       
final.target                           static         
friendly-recovery.target               static         
getty-pre.target                       static         
getty.target                           static         
graphical.target                       static         
halt.target                            disabled       
hibernate.target                       static         
hybrid-sleep.target                    static         
initrd-fs.target                       static         
initrd-root-device.target              static         
initrd-root-fs.target                  static         
initrd-switch-root.target              static         
initrd.target                          static         
kexec.target                           disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                    static         
local-fs.target                        static         
multi-user.target                      static         
network-online.target                  static         
network-pre.target                     static         
network.target                         static         
nss-lookup.target                      static         
nss-user-lookup.target                 static         
paths.target                           static         
poweroff.target                        disabled       
printer.target                         static         
reboot.target                          disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target               disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                   static         
remote-fs.target                       enabled        
rescue.target                          static         
rpcbind.target                         static         
runlevel0.target                       disabled       
runlevel1.target                       static         
runlevel2.target                       static         
runlevel3.target                       static         
runlevel4.target                       static         
runlevel5.target                       static         
runlevel6.target                       disabled       
shutdown.target                        static         
sigpwr.target                          static         
sleep.target                           static         
slices.target                          static         
smartcard.target                       static         
sockets.target                         static         
sound.target                           static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target          static         
suspend.target                         static         
swap.target                            static         
sysinit.target                         static         
system-update.target                   static         
time-sync.target                       static         
timers.target                          static         
umount.target                          static         
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                enabled        
apt-daily.timer                        enabled        
chrony-dnssrv@.timer                   disabled       
fstrim.timer                           enabled        
motd-news.timer                        enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer           static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                  static         

273 unit files listed.
